[Add-ins](All): Setting up developer environment article (#1680)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/overview/set-up-your-dev-environment.md

---
title: Set up your development environment
description:  'Set up your developer environment so you can build Office Add-ins' 
ms.date: 03/17/2020
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Set up your development environment

This guide will help you set up tools so you can create Office Add-ins following our quick starts or tutorials. You'll need to install tools in the list below. If you already have these installed, you should be ready to begin a quick start, such as this [Excel React quick start](../quickstarts/excel-quickstart-react.md).

- Node.js
- npm
- An Office 365 (the subscription version of Office) account
- A code editor of your choice

> This guide assumes that you know how to use the command line and have one installed.

Author: FWIW all OSes have them but there's all kinds of things like git bash etc that can do the command line that people install, which is what I'm trying to refer to here. I'll see if there's a way I can rephrase to make it more clear.

---
title: Set up your development environment
description:  'Set up your developer environment to build Office Add-ins' 
ms.date: 04/03/2020
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Set up your development environment

This guide helps you set up tools so you can create Office Add-ins by following our quick starts or tutorials. You'll need to install the tools from the list below. If you already have these installed, you are ready to begin a quick start, such as this [Excel React quick start](../quickstarts/excel-quickstart-react.md).

- Node.js
- npm
- An Office 365 (the subscription version of Office) account
- A code editor of your choice

This guide assumes that you know how to use a command line tool. 

## Install Node.js

Node.js is a JavaScript runtime you will need to develop modern Office Add-ins.

> To install Node.js, visit [their website to install the latest version](https://nodejs.org) and follow the instructions.

Reviewer: Two things:
- Can we remove the double "install"?
- Let's suggest they use the "recommended" version, since they're offering two.
```suggestion
Install Node.js by [downloading the latest recommended version from their website](https://nodejs.org). Follow the installation instructions for your operating system.
```
